readme link fix and update (#67)
chrisjmckeown/simone_william_tony_chris: README.md

* [License](#License)

## Description
Scenario 1
* I love music and frequently attend live music shows when I can, however I am sick of going to shows with uncertainty as to who I am seeing. I would like an app that allows me to search by band name, preview their music and see all upcoming events.

Scenario 2
* As a music Promoter I am always looking to spread the word about upcoming gigs and shows. I need an application that allows users to sample various artists and easily figure out where and when these artists are performing.

## Usage
* When loaded the page will display:
    * Search and history on the left hand panel.

>     * Informatation about the website including future development opertunities in the central panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Information about the website including future development oportunities in the central panel.
```

Reviewer 2: Information about the website including future development opportunities in the central panel.

Reviewer 2: Opportunities has a double 'p'

    * A Google Map set to your location on the right hand panel.
* To search:
    * Enter a artist/band name and click search or hit the enter key.
    * A list of results will display below the search inputst.
    * Click on an artist to view information about them:
        * The central panel will display an: 
            * Image
            * Genres

>             * Ablums

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * Albums
```
